[Applause]
at the very moment Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was
receiving a Rapture oration from members
of Congress some of the thousands of
protesters who' gathered outside were
pepper sprayed by police and had to seek
treatment police from New York joined
those from Washington DC in guarding the
capital from congressional constituents
from all over the US who were determined
to emphasize that the politicians inside
did not represent them the goal is to
issue a citizens arrest for the war
criminal Benjamin Netanyahu
well How likely is that well I think
it's likely that we've sent the message
you know our ability to actually enforce
international law is severely limited
when you have a demonstration like this
we are the constituents I think we're
almost there we just it's a movement
it's going to take a constant push like
so many other us protests against the
Israeli War a diverse group gathered to
show their solidarity with the people of
Gaza during his address to members of
Congress the Israeli Prime Minister
criticized those protesting outside the
capital building and across the country
accusing them of standing with evil we
meet today at a Crossroads of
History our world is in
upheaval in the Middle East Iran's aess
of Terror confronts America Israel and
our Arab
friends this is not a clash of
civilizations it's a clash between
barbarism and
civilization as he was speaking Rashid
Tali the only Palestinian member of
Congress held up two signs one said war
criminal the other guilty of
genocide and outside some protesters
took issue with a claim by Netanyahu
suggesting they were paid agents of Iran
I totally believe he finds it hard to
believe that we don't want genocide he
finds it easy to dehumanize people so
when he sees people in the streets to
protect human life that is completely
forign to him one prominent us musician
also expressed his outrage over the war
in Gaza disgusting show of uh support
for someone that doesn't deserve our
support I'm ashamed that my tax dollars
are going to this the brutalizing of a
of a of an of an entire people nyaho is
due to meets with Joe Biden and K Harris
separately at the White House on
Thursday some of the demonstrators here
say they'll be outside the White House
too making their voices
heard alington
unable make sure to subscribe to our
Channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer